So, guys, before diving deep into writing our own McFly, let us understand the concept of dependent's
history.
So Makefile works on the concept of dependency tree.
Now let us understand the concept of dependent's tree with the help of an analogy.
So suppose you want to have a delicious meal, right?
And your delicious meal is composed of four components.
That is chicken curry, chapatti, cooked rice and wine.
So if you have all these four components in your dinner plate, then you will have a delicious meal.
Right now, each of these four components in tones are composed of subcomponents.
For example, chicken curry is composed of raw chicken, onions and chicken bottom right.
You need these raw materials in order to prepare chicken curry.
Similarly, you can prepare chapatti only if you have wheat flour and some water, right?
Similarly, for to have a cooked rice, you need raw rice and some water.
Right.
So you can see that in order to have your delicious meal, you need to have these four components.
And each of these four component in turn is dependent of subcomponents.
So you can see that this diagram takes the shape of a tree.
Let us call that root of the tree.
That is the delicious meal is at level zero.
The components at level one is the components, which is a prerequisite to have a delicious meal.
And the components at level two are the subcomponents which are required to prepare each of the components
present in level one.
So this diagram is actually called a dependency tree, where each component is actually dependent on
subcomponent present at a lower levels.
So now let us go through certain points regarding this dependency tree so you can see here that the
level and element cannot be prepared unless all its immediate descendants element at level and plus
one are available.
Right.
So you cannot prepare chicken curry unless you have raw chicken, onions and chicken powder available.
And you cannot have a delicious meal unless you have all the components at level one ready in your dinner
plate.
So this statement simply means that an element which is present at level end cannot be prepared unless
all of its prerequisite elements.
That is subcomponent present at 11 and plus one are available, then the second point is that root element
is the ultimate target that we want to prepare.
So in this dependancy tree, this is the root.
So the ultimate target that we want to prepare is the delicious meal.
The third point is that preparation of the recipe takes place from bottom to up in the tree.
Right.
And that is pretty much obvious from this dependency tree.
If element at level end is changed or updated, all ancestors from level and minus one up to root of
the tree needs to be updated.
Now, you can correlate this point with this analogy.
Let's say that suppose I replace this chicken powder with another kind of powder which has another flavor
altogether.
So if I replace this chicken powder, then obviously the taste of your chicken curry will change, right?
It will not be the same as before.
And because your chicken cut it is has been changed.
The delicious meal that you are having today is entirely different from the delicious meal that you
had yesterday.
So we can see that if there is a change in a component, that that change is propagated along the same
branch up to the root of the dependency tree.
If it is the chicken powder, does that impact anyway, the taste of your chapatis?
No, right.
Does that impact in any way the taste or flavor of your cockatrice?
Absolutely not.
Right.
So this points is that element at level and is changed or updated, all ancestors from the level and
minus one up to the root of the tree needs to be updated.
Now, why I'm discussing this analogy.
I'm discussing this analogy because the makefile exactly works as part of this analogy.
In Makefile, the delicious meal corresponds to the final executable or library that you want to prepare.
The level one components corresponds to the dependent object file on external libraries
because you create final executable or library out of the object file or external library's.
And your level to components corresponds to source files, because from these sorts files, only you
create object files.
So next we will do an assignment on Makefile and we will try to correlate that how Makefile works exactly
as part of this analogy.